tidb cloud: add tidb node groups docs (#19713)
pingcap/docs: tidb-cloud/tidb-node-group-management.md

    > **Note**:
    >
    > If you use Private Link to connect different node groups, you need to create separated Private Endpoint Connection for each node group. 

6. After you create the Private Endpoint Connection, click **Connect** on the up-right of the page to get the connection string. 

### Connect via VPC Peering

Because the cluster is in one VPC and all the TiDB node groups share the same VPC, you only need to create one VPC Peering, then all the groups can use it. 

1. Follow the instrcutions in [Connect to TiDB Cloud Dedicated via VPC Peering](/tidb-cloud/set-up-vpc-peering-connections.md) to create a VPC Peering for this cluster. 
2. Click **Connect** on the up-right of the **Networking** page to get the connection string. 

### View the TiDB node groups

1. Navigate to the [**Cluster**](https://tidbcloud.com/console/clusters)  page.
2. Click **Nodes** in the left pane.

![TiDB node group window view](/media/tidb-cloud/tidb-node-group-window-view.png)

**You can also click the button highlighted in the screenshot to switch to table view.**

> ![TiDB node group table view](/media/tidb-cloud/tidb-node-group-table-view.png)

Author: Need to update the screenshot

Currently, the TiDB Node Group feature is in private beta and only available upon request. To request this feature:

1. Click **?** in the lower-right corner of the [TiDB Cloud console](https://tidbcloud.com/).
2. Click **Request Support**. 
3. Fill in **Apply for TiDB Node Group feature** in the **Description** field.
4. Click **Submit**.

## Terms

- TiDB Node Group: A TiDB node group manages the grouping of TiDB nodes and maintains the mapping between endpoints and TiDB nodes.

    - Each TiDB node group has an independent endpoint. 
    - When you delete a TiDB node group, the related network setting (such as private link and IP access list) will be deleted too. 

- Default Group: When a cluster created, a default TiDB node group is created. Therefore, each cluster has a default group. The default group can not be deleted. 

## Prerequisites

- You have a [TiDB Cloud Dedicated](/tidb-cloud/select-cluster-tier.md#tidb-cloud-dedicated) cluster on AWS.
- You are in the **Organization Owner** or **Project Owner** role of your organization. For more information, see [User roles](/tidb-cloud/manage-user-access.md#user-roles).

## Create a TiDB node group

> **Note**:
>

> > If you create a TiDB node group but still use the endpoint of the default group to connect to the cluster, the TiDB nodes in the TiDB node group will not take any workload, which is a waste of the resource. 

Author: What should users do in this case?

---
title: Manage TiDB Node Groups

> summary: Learn about how to manage TiDB node groups.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
summary: Learn about how to manage TiDB node groups and their endpoints to isolate your business workload.
```

---

# Manage TiDB Node Groups

> This document describes how to manage TiDB node groups and their endpoints to isolate your business workload using the [TiDB Cloud console](https://tidbcloud.com/). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This document describes how to manage TiDB node groups and their endpoints to isolate your business workload using the [TiDB Cloud console](https://tidbcloud.com/).

> **Note**:
>
> The TiDB Node Group feature is **NOT** available for TiDB Cloud Serverless clusters.
```

> Currently, the TiDB Node Group feature is only available upon request. To request this feature:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently, the TiDB Node Group feature is only available upon request. To request this feature, perform the following steps:
```

> Currently, the TiDB Node Group feature is in private beta and only available upon request. To request this feature:

Author: ```suggestion
Currently, the TiDB Node Group feature is only available upon request. To request this feature:
```

> 1. Log on to the [TiDB Cloud console](https://tidbcloud.com/).

Author: ```suggestion
1. Log in to the [TiDB Cloud console](https://tidbcloud.com/).
```

2. Click **?** in the lower-right corner.
3. Click **Request Support**. 
4. Fill in **Apply for TiDB Node Group feature** in the **Subject** field.
5. Click **Submit**.

## Terms

- TiDB Node Group: A TiDB node group manages the grouping of TiDB nodes and maintains the mapping between endpoints and TiDB nodes.

>     - Each TiDB node group has an independent endpoint. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Each TiDB node group has a unique endpoint. 
```

    - When you delete a TiDB node group, the related network setting (such as private link and IP access list) will be deleted too. 

- Default Group: When a cluster is created, a default TiDB node group is created. Therefore, each cluster has a default group. The default group cannot be deleted. 

## Prerequisites

> - You have a [TiDB Cloud Dedicated](/tidb-cloud/select-cluster-tier.md#tidb-cloud-dedicated) cluster on AWS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- You have a [TiDB Cloud Dedicated](/tidb-cloud/select-cluster-tier.md#tidb-cloud-dedicated) cluster deployed on AWS.
```

- You are in the **Organization Owner** or **Project Owner** role of your organization. For more information, see [User roles](/tidb-cloud/manage-user-access.md#user-roles).

## Create a TiDB node group

> Do the following to create a TiDB node group:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To create a TiDB node group, perform the following steps:
```

>

> > If you create a TiDB node group but still use the endpoint of the default group to connect to the cluster, the TiDB nodes in the TiDB node group will not take any workload, which is a waste of the resource. 

Author: ```suggestion
> If you create a TiDB node group but still use the endpoint of the default group to connect to the cluster, the TiDB nodes in the TiDB node group will not take any workload, which is a waste of the resource. You need to create new connection to the new TiDB node group. See [Connect to a TiDB node group](#connect-to-a-TiDB-node-group).
```

> 
> > **Note**:
> >
> > If you create a TiDB node group but still use the endpoint of the default group to connect to the cluster, the TiDB nodes in the TiDB node group will not take any workload, which is a waste of the resource. 

Author: ```suggestion

Do the following to create a TiDB node group:
```

> 1. In the [TiDB Cloud console](https://tidbcloud.com/), navigate to the [**Cluster**](https://tidbcloud.com/console/clusters) page of your project, and then click the name of your target cluster to go to its overview page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In the [TiDB Cloud console](https://tidbcloud.com/), navigate to the [**Clusters**](https://tidbcloud.com/console/clusters) page of your project, and then click the name of your target cluster to go to its overview page.
```

2. Click **Nodes** in the left navigation pane.
3. Click **Modify** in the upper-right corner. The **Modify Cluster** page is displayed.

> 4. On the **Modify Cluster** page, click **+** to add a new TiDB node group as follows.

Author: ```suggestion
4. On the **Modify Cluster** page, click **+** to add a new TiDB node group as follows. You can also use the default group.
```

1. In the [TiDB Cloud console](https://tidbcloud.com/), navigate to the [**Clusters**](https://tidbcloud.com/console/clusters) page of your project, and then click the name of your target cluster to go to its overview page.

> 2. Click **Nodes** in the left navigation pane.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. In the left navigation pane, click **Nodes**.
```

        - **vCPU + RAM**: choose the [TiDB size](/tidb-cloud/size-your-cluster.md#size-tidb) you need. Only TiDB nodes with 8 vCPU and 16 GiB memory or higher specifications are supported.

>         - **Node Groups**: enter the number of TiDB nodes in the Default Groups field. You can also create new node groups by clicking **+**. 

Author: ```suggestion
        - **Node Groups**: enter the number of TiDB nodes in the **Default Groups** field. You can also create new node groups by clicking **+**. 
```

>         - **Node Groups**: enter the number of TiDB nodes in the **Default Groups** field. You can also create new node groups by clicking **+**. 

Author: ```suggestion
        - **Node Groups**: click **+** to create a new TiDB node group. You can also use the default group and enter the number of TiDB nodes in the **Default Groups** field.
```

    
    - TiKV
        - **vCPU + RAM**: choose the [TiKV size](/tidb-cloud/size-your-cluster.md#size-tikv) you need.
        - **Storage X Nodes**: choose the storage size and the number of TiKV nodes.
    

>     - TiFlash (Optional)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - TiFlash (optional)
```

        - **vCPU + RAM**: choose the [TiKV size](/tidb-cloud/size-your-cluster.md#size-tikv) you need.
        - **Storage x Nodes**: choose the storage size and the number of TiKV nodes.
    
    - TiFlash (optional)
        - **vCPU + RAM**: choose the [TiFlash size](/tidb-cloud/size-your-cluster.md#size-tiflash) you need.
        - **Storage x Nodes**: choose the storage size and the number of TiFlash nodes.

    ![Create TiDB Node Group](/media/tidb-cloud/tidb-node-group-create.png)

> 5. New TiDB nodes will be added together with the new TiDB node group. The billing of the cluster will change. Review the cluster size in the right pane, and then click **Confirm**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. New TiDB nodes are added along with the new TiDB node group, which affects the cluster's billing. Review the cluster size in the right pane, then click **Confirm**.
```

> 

Author: ```suggestion

If you create a TiDB node group but still use the endpoint of the default group to connect to the cluster, the TiDB nodes in the TiDB node group will not take any workload, which is a waste of the resource. You need to create new connection to the TiDB nodes in the new TiDB node group. See [Connect to a TiDB node group](#connect-to-a-TiDB-node-group).

```

> If you create a TiDB node group but still use the endpoint of the default group to connect to the cluster, the TiDB nodes in the TiDB node group will not take any workload, which is a waste of the resource. You need to create new connection to the TiDB nodes in the new TiDB node group. See [Connect to a TiDB node group](#connect-to-a-TiDB-node-group).

Author: ```suggestion
If you create a TiDB node group but still use the endpoint of the default group to connect to the cluster, the TiDB nodes in the TiDB node group will not take any workload, which is a waste of the resource. You need to create new connection to the TiDB nodes in the new TiDB node group. See [Connect to a TiDB node group](#connect-to-a-tidb-node-group).
```

## Connect to a TiDB node group

### Connect via public connection

Public connection for the new TiDB node group is disabled by default. You need to enable it first.

To enable public connection, do the following:

> 1. Navigate to the [**Cluster**](https://tidbcloud.com/console/clusters) page, and then click the name of your target cluster to go to its overview page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Navigate to the [**Clusters**](https://tidbcloud.com/console/clusters) page, and then click the name of your target cluster to go to its overview page.
```

2. Click **Connect** in the upper-right corner. A connection dialog is displayed.
3. Choose the new TiDB node group and the **Public** connection type.
4. Click **Configure the IP Access** List.
5. On the **Networking** page, select the TiDB node group in the upper-right corner.
6. Enable the public endpoint and add the IP access list.
7. Click **Connect** on the up-right of the page and you can get the connection string. 

![Connect to the new TiDB node group via Public Endpoint](/media/tidb-cloud/tidb-node-group-connect-public-endpoint.png)

For more information, see [Connect to TiDB Cloud Dedicated via Public Connection](/tidb-cloud/connect-via-standard-connection.md).

### Connect via private endpoint

> 1. Navigate to the [**Cluster**](https://tidbcloud.com/console/clusters) page, and then click the name of your target cluster to go to its overview page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Navigate to the [**Clusters**](https://tidbcloud.com/console/clusters) page, and then click the name of your target cluster to go to its overview page.
```

2. Click **Connect** in the upper-right corner. A connection dialog is displayed.
3. Choose the new TiDB node group and **Private Endpoint** connection type.
4. Click **Networking** in the left navigation pane. On the **Networking** page, select the TiDB node group.
5. Click **Create Private Endpoint Connection** to create a new connection for this node group. For more information, see [Connect to a TiDB Cloud Dedicated Cluster via Private Endpoint with AWS](/tidb-cloud/set-up-private-endpoint-connections.md).

    > **Note**:
    >
    > If you use Private Link to connect different node groups, you need to create separated private endpoint connection for each node group. 

6. After you create the private endpoint connection, click **Connect** on the up-right of the page to get the connection string. 

### Connect via VPC peering

Because the cluster is in one VPC and all the TiDB node groups share the same VPC, you only need to create one VPC peering, then all the groups can use it. 

> 1. Follow the instrcutions in [Connect to TiDB Cloud Dedicated via VPC Peering](/tidb-cloud/set-up-vpc-peering-connections.md) to create a VPC peering for this cluster. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Follow the instructions in [Connect to TiDB Cloud Dedicated via VPC Peering](/tidb-cloud/set-up-vpc-peering-connections.md) to create a VPC peering for this cluster. 
```

> 2. Navigate to the [**Cluster**](https://tidbcloud.com/console/clusters) page, and then click the name of your target cluster to go to its overview page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Navigate to the [**Clusters**](https://tidbcloud.com/console/clusters) page, and then click the name of your target cluster to go to its overview page.
```

Because the cluster is in one VPC and all the TiDB node groups share the same VPC, you only need to create one VPC peering, then all the groups can use it. 

1. Follow the instructions in [Connect to TiDB Cloud Dedicated via VPC Peering](/tidb-cloud/set-up-vpc-peering-connections.md) to create a VPC peering for this cluster. 
2. Navigate to the [**Clusters**](https://tidbcloud.com/console/clusters) page, and then click the name of your target cluster to go to its overview page.
3. Click **Networking** in the left navigation pane. 
4. On the **Networking** page, click **Connect** on the up-right to get the connection string. 

## View TiDB node groups

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

To view the list of TiDB node groups, perform the following steps:

```

> You can also click the button highlighted in the following creenshot to switch to the table view.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also click the button highlighted in the following screenshot to switch to the table view.
```

![TiDB node group table view](/media/tidb-cloud/tidb-node-group-table-view.png)

## Modify a TiDB node group

You can change the group name and the number of TiDB nodes in the group.

### Change the group name

> 1. Navigate to the [**Cluster**](https://tidbcloud.com/console/clusters) page, and then click the name of your target cluster to go to its overview page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Navigate to the [**Clusters**](https://tidbcloud.com/console/clusters) page, and then click the name of your target cluster to go to its overview page.
```

2. Click **Nodes** in the left navigation pane.
3. Click the edit icon highlighted in the screenshot to change the name of the TiDB node group.

![Change TiDB node group name](/media/tidb-cloud/tidb-node-group-change-name.png)

### Change the number of TiDB nodes

> 1. Navigate to the [**Cluster**](https://tidbcloud.com/console/clusters) page, and then click the name of your target cluster to go to its overview page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Navigate to the [**Clusters**](https://tidbcloud.com/console/clusters) page, and then click the name of your target cluster to go to its overview page.
```

> 2. Click **Nodes** in the left pane to view the list of TiDB node groups.
> 
> ![TiDB node group window view](/media/tidb-cloud/tidb-node-group-window-view.png)
> 
> You can also click <svg xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg" width="18" height="18" fill="none" viewBox="0 0 24 24" stroke-width="1.5"><path d="M3 9.5H21M3 14.5H21M7.8 4.5H16.2C17.8802 4.5 18.7202 4.5 19.362 4.82698C19.9265 5.1146 20.3854 5.57354 20.673 6.13803C21 6.77976 21 6.61984 21 8.3V15.7C21 17.3802 21 17.2202 20.673 17.862C20.3854 18.4265 19.9265 18.8854 19.362 19.173C18.7202 19.5 17.8802 19.5 16.2 19.5H7.8C6.11984 19.5 5.27976 19.5 4.63803 19.173C4.07354 18.8854 3.6146 18.4265 3.32698 17.862C3 17.2202 3 17.3802 3 15.7V8.3C3 6.61984 3 6.77976 3.32698 6.13803C3.6146 5.57354 4.07354 5.1146 4.63803 4.82698C5.27976 4.5 6.11984 4.5 7.8 4.5Z" stroke="currentColor" stroke-width="inherit" stroke-linecap="round" stroke-linejoin="round"></path></svg> to switch to the table view.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. In the left navigation pane, click **Nodes** to view the list of TiDB node groups.

    ![TiDB node group window view](/media/tidb-cloud/tidb-node-group-window-view.png)

    To switch to the table view, click <svg xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg" width="16" height="16" fill="none" viewBox="0 -4 24 24" stroke-width="1.5"><path d="M3 9.5H21M3 14.5H21M7.8 4.5H16.2C17.8802 4.5 18.7202 4.5 19.362 4.82698C19.9265 5.1146 20.3854 5.57354 20.673 6.13803C21 6.77976 21 6.61984 21 8.3V15.7C21 17.3802 21 17.2202 20.673 17.862C20.3854 18.4265 19.9265 18.8854 19.362 19.173C18.7202 19.5 17.8802 19.5 16.2 19.5H7.8C6.11984 19.5 5.27976 19.5 4.63803 19.173C4.07354 18.8854 3.6146 18.4265 3.32698 17.862C3 17.2202 3 17.3802 3 15.7V8.3C3 6.61984 3 6.77976 3.32698 6.13803C3.6146 5.57354 4.07354 5.1146 4.63803 4.82698C5.27976 4.5 6.11984 4.5 7.8 4.5Z" stroke="currentColor" stroke-width="inherit" stroke-linecap="round" stroke-linejoin="round"></path></svg>.
```
<img width="380" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/bbb62ea7-cf1a-49c3-8f0b-f4ce45dfed8c" />

> You can change the group name and the number of TiDB nodes in the group.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can modify the group name and node configurations in the group.
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

To change the group name, perform the following steps:

```

> 2. Click **Nodes** in the left navigation pane.
> 3. Click the **Edit** icon <svg width="24" height="24" viewBox="0 0 24 24" stroke-width="1.5" fill="none" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg"><path d="M12 20H21M3.00003 20H4.67457C5.16376 20 5.40835 20 5.63852 19.9447C5.84259 19.8957 6.03768 19.8149 6.21663 19.7053C6.41846 19.5816 6.59141 19.4086 6.93732 19.0627L19.5001 6.49998C20.3285 5.67156 20.3285 4.32841 19.5001 3.49998C18.6716 2.67156 17.3285 2.67156 16.5001 3.49998L3.93729 16.0627C3.59139 16.4086 3.41843 16.5816 3.29475 16.7834C3.18509 16.9624 3.10428 17.1574 3.05529 17.3615C3.00003 17.5917 3.00003 17.8363 3.00003 18.3255V20Z" stroke="currentColor" stroke-width="inherit" stroke-linecap="round" stroke-linejoin="round"/></svg>to change the name of the TiDB node group.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. In the left navigation pane, click **Nodes**.
3. Click <svg width="16" height="16" viewBox="0 -2 24 24" stroke-width="1.5" fill="none" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg"><path d="M12 20H21M3.00003 20H4.67457C5.16376 20 5.40835 20 5.63852 19.9447C5.84259 19.8957 6.03768 19.8149 6.21663 19.7053C6.41846 19.5816 6.59141 19.4086 6.93732 19.0627L19.5001 6.49998C20.3285 5.67156 20.3285 4.32841 19.5001 3.49998C18.6716 2.67156 17.3285 2.67156 16.5001 3.49998L3.93729 16.0627C3.59139 16.4086 3.41843 16.5816 3.29475 16.7834C3.18509 16.9624 3.10428 17.1574 3.05529 17.3615C3.00003 17.5917 3.00003 17.8363 3.00003 18.3255V20Z" stroke="currentColor" stroke-width="inherit" stroke-linecap="round" stroke-linejoin="round"/></svg> **Edit** and enter a new name for the TiDB node group.
```

> ### Change the number of TiDB nodes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Update the node configuration

To update TiDB, TiKV, or TiFlash node configurations in the group, perform the following steps:
```

> 2. Click **Nodes** in the left navigation pane.
> 3. Click **Modify** in the upper-right corner. The **Modify Cluster** page is displayed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. In the left navigation pane, click **Nodes**.
3. On the **Node Map** page, click **Modify** in the upper-right corner. The **Modify Cluster** page is displayed.
```

> 4. On the **Modify Cluster** page, update the number of TiDB nodes, or add new node groups. On this page, you can also change the size and **Storage x Nodes** of the TiKV and TiFlash nodes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. On the **Modify Cluster** page, you can:

    - Change the number of TiDB nodes.
    - Add new node groups.
    - Update the size and **Storage x Nodes** configuration for TiKV and TiFlash nodes.
```

![Change TiDB node group node count](/media/tidb-cloud/tidb-node-group-change-node-count.png)

## Delete a TiDB node group

> **Note**:
>

> > Deleting a TiDB node group will also remove the nodes and associated network configurations, including private endpoint connections and the IP list for public access.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> When you delete a TiDB node group, its nodes and network configurations are also removed, including private endpoint connections and the IP list for public access.
```

> 1. Navigate to the [Cluster](https://tidbcloud.com/console/clusters) page, and then click the name of your target cluster to go to its overview page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To delete a TiDB node group, perform the following steps:

1. Navigate to the [**Clusters**](https://tidbcloud.com/console/clusters) page, and then click the name of your target cluster to go to its overview page.
```

> 2. Click **Nodes** in the left navigation pane.
> 3. Click **Modify** in the upper-right corner. The **Modify Cluster** page is displayed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. In the left navigation pane, click **Nodes**.
3. On the **Node Map** page, click **Modify** in the upper-right corner. The **Modify Cluster** page is displayed.
```

> 4. On the **Modify Cluster** page, click the delete icon to delete the TiDB node group. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. On the **Modify Cluster** page, click <svg TODO </svg> **Delete** to delete the TiDB node group.
```
update the svg

## Prerequisites

- You have a [TiDB Cloud Dedicated](/tidb-cloud/select-cluster-tier.md#tidb-cloud-dedicated) cluster deployed on AWS.
- You are in the **Organization Owner** or **Project Owner** role of your organization. For more information, see [User roles](/tidb-cloud/manage-user-access.md#user-roles).

## Create a TiDB node group

To create a TiDB node group, perform the following steps:

1. In the [TiDB Cloud console](https://tidbcloud.com/), navigate to the [**Clusters**](https://tidbcloud.com/console/clusters) page of your project, and then click the name of your target cluster to go to its overview page.
2. Click **Nodes** in the left navigation pane.
3. Click **Modify** in the upper-right corner. The **Modify Cluster** page is displayed.
4. On the **Modify Cluster** page, click **+** to add a new TiDB node group as follows. You can also use the default group directly.

    - TiDB
        - **vCPU + RAM**: choose the [TiDB size](/tidb-cloud/size-your-cluster.md#size-tidb) you need. Only TiDB nodes with 8 vCPU and 16 GiB memory or higher specifications are supported.

>         - **Node Groups**: click **+** to create a new TiDB node group. You can also use the default group and enter the number of TiDB nodes in the **Default Groups** field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        - **Node Groups**: click **+** to create a new TiDB node group. You can also use the default group and enter the number of TiDB nodes in the **DefaultGroup** field.
```
The field name in the image `media/tidb-cloud/tidb-node-group-change-node-count.png` is "DefaultGroup"
<img width="278" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/4976cdb5-c014-47a8-8086-90842313d18e" />

    
    - TiKV
        - **vCPU + RAM**: choose the [TiKV size](/tidb-cloud/size-your-cluster.md#size-tikv) you need.

>         - **Storage X Nodes**: choose the storage size and the number of TiKV nodes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        - **Storage x Nodes**: choose the storage size and the number of TiKV nodes.
```

    
    - TiFlash (optional)
        - **vCPU + RAM**: choose the [TiFlash size](/tidb-cloud/size-your-cluster.md#size-tiflash) you need.

>         - **Storage X Nodes**: choose the storage size and the number of TiFlash nodes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        - **Storage x Nodes**: choose the storage size and the number of TiFlash nodes.
```

6. After you create the private endpoint connection, click **Connect** on the up-right of the page to get the connection string. 

### Connect via VPC peering

Because the cluster is in one VPC and all the TiDB node groups share the same VPC, you only need to create one VPC peering, then all the groups can use it. 

1. Follow the instructions in [Connect to TiDB Cloud Dedicated via VPC Peering](/tidb-cloud/set-up-vpc-peering-connections.md) to create a VPC peering for this cluster. 
2. Navigate to the [**Clusters**](https://tidbcloud.com/console/clusters) page, and then click the name of your target cluster to go to its overview page.
3. Click **Networking** in the left navigation pane. 
4. On the **Networking** page, click **Connect** on the up-right to get the connection string. 

## View TiDB node groups

1. Navigate to the [**Clusters**](https://tidbcloud.com/console/clusters) page, and then click the name of your target cluster to go to its overview page.
2. Click **Nodes** in the left pane to view the list of TiDB node groups.

![TiDB node group window view](/media/tidb-cloud/tidb-node-group-window-view.png)

> You can also click the button highlighted in the following screenshot to switch to the table view.

Author: ```suggestion
You can also click <svg xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg" width="18" height="18" fill="none" viewBox="0 0 24 24" stroke-width="1.5"><path d="M3 9.5H21M3 14.5H21M7.8 4.5H16.2C17.8802 4.5 18.7202 4.5 19.362 4.82698C19.9265 5.1146 20.3854 5.57354 20.673 6.13803C21 6.77976 21 6.61984 21 8.3V15.7C21 17.3802 21 17.2202 20.673 17.862C20.3854 18.4265 19.9265 18.8854 19.362 19.173C18.7202 19.5 17.8802 19.5 16.2 19.5H7.8C6.11984 19.5 5.27976 19.5 4.63803 19.173C4.07354 18.8854 3.6146 18.4265 3.32698 17.862C3 17.2202 3 17.3802 3 15.7V8.3C3 6.61984 3 6.77976 3.32698 6.13803C3.6146 5.57354 4.07354 5.1146 4.63803 4.82698C5.27976 4.5 6.11984 4.5 7.8 4.5Z" stroke="currentColor" stroke-width="inherit" stroke-linecap="round" stroke-linejoin="round"></path></svg> to switch to the table view.
```

> 
> ![TiDB node group table view](/media/tidb-cloud/tidb-node-group-table-view.png)

Author: ```suggestion
```

## Modify a TiDB node group

You can change the group name and the number of TiDB nodes in the group.

### Change the group name

1. Navigate to the [**Clusters**](https://tidbcloud.com/console/clusters) page, and then click the name of your target cluster to go to its overview page.
2. Click **Nodes** in the left navigation pane.

> 3. Click the edit icon highlighted in the screenshot to change the name of the TiDB node group.
> 
> ![Change TiDB node group name](/media/tidb-cloud/tidb-node-group-change-name.png)

Author: ```suggestion
3. Click the Edit icon <svg width="24" height="24" viewBox="0 0 24 24" stroke-width="1.5" fill="none" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg">
<path d="M12 20H21M3.00003 20H4.67457C5.16376 20 5.40835 20 5.63852 19.9447C5.84259 19.8957 6.03768 19.8149 6.21663 19.7053C6.41846 19.5816 6.59141 19.4086 6.93732 19.0627L19.5001 6.49998C20.3285 5.67156 20.3285 4.32841 19.5001 3.49998C18.6716 2.67156 17.3285 2.67156 16.5001 3.49998L3.93729 16.0627C3.59139 16.4086 3.41843 16.5816 3.29475 16.7834C3.18509 16.9624 3.10428 17.1574 3.05529 17.3615C3.00003 17.5917 3.00003 17.8363 3.00003 18.3255V20Z" stroke="currentColor" stroke-width="inherit" stroke-linecap="round" stroke-linejoin="round"/>
</svg>to change the name of the TiDB node group.
```

### Change the number of TiDB nodes

1. Navigate to the [**Clusters**](https://tidbcloud.com/console/clusters) page, and then click the name of your target cluster to go to its overview page.
2. Click **Nodes** in the left navigation pane.
3. Click **Modify** in the upper-right corner. The **Modify Cluster** page is displayed.

> 4. On the **Modify Cluster** page, update the number of TiDB nodes, or add new node groups. On this page, you can also change the size and Storage X Nodes of the TiKV and TiFlash nodes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. On the **Modify Cluster** page, update the number of TiDB nodes, or add new node groups. On this page, you can also change the size and **Storage x Nodes** of the TiKV and TiFlash nodes.
```

    ![Create TiDB Node Group](/media/tidb-cloud/tidb-node-group-create.png)

5. New TiDB nodes are added along with the new TiDB node group, which affects the cluster's billing. Review the cluster size in the right pane, then click **Confirm**.

By default, you can create up to five TiDB node groups for a TiDB Cloud Dedicated cluster. If you need more groups, contact [TiDB Cloud Support](/tidb-cloud/tidb-cloud-support.md). 

If you create a TiDB node group but still use the endpoint of the default group to connect to the cluster, the TiDB nodes in the TiDB node group will not take any workload, which is a waste of the resource. You need to create new connection to the TiDB nodes in the new TiDB node group. See [Connect to a TiDB node group](#connect-to-a-tidb-node-group).

## Connect to a TiDB node group

### Connect via public connection

Public connection for the new TiDB node group is disabled by default. You need to enable it first.

To enable public connection, do the following:

1. Navigate to the [**Clusters**](https://tidbcloud.com/console/clusters) page, and then click the name of your target cluster to go to its overview page.

> 2. Click **Connect** in the upper-right corner. A connection dialog is displayed.

Author: ```suggestion
2. In the upper-right corner, click **Connect**. A connection dialog is displayed.
```

3. Choose the new TiDB node group and the **Public** connection type.
4. Click **Configure the IP Access** List.
5. On the **Networking** page, select the TiDB node group in the upper-right corner.
6. Enable the public endpoint and add the IP access list.

> 7. Click **Connect** on the up-right of the page and you can get the connection string. 

Author: ```suggestion
7. In the up-right corner of the page, click **Connect**, and you can get the connection string. 
```

![Connect to the new TiDB node group via Public Endpoint](/media/tidb-cloud/tidb-node-group-connect-public-endpoint.png)

For more information, see [Connect to TiDB Cloud Dedicated via Public Connection](/tidb-cloud/connect-via-standard-connection.md).

### Connect via private endpoint

1. Navigate to the [**Clusters**](https://tidbcloud.com/console/clusters) page, and then click the name of your target cluster to go to its overview page.

> 2. Click **Connect** in the upper-right corner. A connection dialog is displayed.
> 3. Choose the new TiDB node group and **Private Endpoint** connection type.
> 4. Click **Networking** in the left navigation pane. On the **Networking** page, select the TiDB node group.

Author: ```suggestion
2. In the upper-right corner, click **Connect**. A connection dialog is displayed.
3. Choose the new TiDB node group and **Private Endpoint** connection type.
4. In the left navigation pane, click **Networking**. On the **Networking** page, select the TiDB node group.
```

5. Click **Create Private Endpoint Connection** to create a new connection for this node group. For more information, see [Connect to a TiDB Cloud Dedicated Cluster via Private Endpoint with AWS](/tidb-cloud/set-up-private-endpoint-connections.md).

    > **Note**:
    >
    > If you use Private Link to connect different node groups, you need to create separated private endpoint connection for each node group. 

6. After you create the private endpoint connection, click **Connect** on the up-right of the page to get the connection string. 

### Connect via VPC peering

Because the cluster is in one VPC and all the TiDB node groups share the same VPC, you only need to create one VPC peering, then all the groups can use it. 

1. Follow the instructions in [Connect to TiDB Cloud Dedicated via VPC Peering](/tidb-cloud/set-up-vpc-peering-connections.md) to create a VPC peering for this cluster. 
2. Navigate to the [**Clusters**](https://tidbcloud.com/console/clusters) page, and then click the name of your target cluster to go to its overview page.

> 3. Click **Networking** in the left navigation pane. 

Author: ```suggestion
3. In the left navigation pane, click **Networking**. 
```

2. In the left navigation pane, click **Nodes**.
3. On the **Node Map** page, click **Modify** in the upper-right corner. The **Modify Cluster** page is displayed.
4. On the **Modify Cluster** page, you can:

    - Change the number of TiDB nodes.
    - Add new node groups.
    - Update the size and **Storage x Nodes** configuration for TiKV and TiFlash nodes.

![Change TiDB node group node count](/media/tidb-cloud/tidb-node-group-change-node-count.png)

## Delete a TiDB node group

> **Note**:
>
> When you delete a TiDB node group, its nodes and network configurations are also removed, including private endpoint connections and the IP list for public access.

To delete a TiDB node group, perform the following steps:

1. Navigate to the [**Clusters**](https://tidbcloud.com/console/clusters) page, and then click the name of your target cluster to go to its overview page.
2. In the left navigation pane, click **Nodes**.
3. On the **Node Map** page, click **Modify** in the upper-right corner. The **Modify Cluster** page is displayed.

> 4. On the **Modify Cluster** page, click <svg TODO </svg> **Delete** to delete the TiDB node group.

Author: ```suggestion
4. On the **Modify Cluster** page, click <svg TODO </svg> **Delete** to delete the TiDB node group.
```

5. New TiDB nodes are added along with the new TiDB node group, which affects the cluster's billing. Review the cluster size in the right pane, then click **Confirm**.

By default, you can create up to five TiDB node groups for a TiDB Cloud Dedicated cluster. If you need more groups, contact [TiDB Cloud Support](/tidb-cloud/tidb-cloud-support.md). 

If you create a TiDB node group but still use the endpoint of the default group to connect to the cluster, the TiDB nodes in the TiDB node group will not take any workload, which is a waste of the resource. You need to create new connection to the TiDB nodes in the new TiDB node group. See [Connect to a TiDB node group](#connect-to-a-tidb-node-group).

## Connect to a TiDB node group

### Connect via public connection

Public connection for the new TiDB node group is disabled by default. You need to enable it first.

To enable public connection, do the following:

1. Navigate to the [**Clusters**](https://tidbcloud.com/console/clusters) page, and then click the name of your target cluster to go to its overview page.
2. In the upper-right corner, click **Connect**. A connection dialog is displayed.

> 3. Choose the new TiDB node group and the **Public** connection type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Select your TiDB node group from the **TiDB Node Group** list and **Public** from the **Connection Type** list.
```

> 4. Click **Configure the IP Access** List.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

    If you have not configured the IP access list, click **Configure IP Access List** or follow the steps in [Configure an IP Access List](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidbcloud/configure-ip-access-list) to configure it before your first connection.

```

> 5. On the **Networking** page, select the TiDB node group in the upper-right corner.
> 6. Enable the public endpoint and add the IP access list.
> 7. In the up-right corner of the page, click **Connect**, and you can get the connection string. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. On the **Networking** page, select your TiDB node group from the **TiDB Node Group** list in the upper-right corner.
5. Click **Enable** in the **Public Endpoint** section, then click **Add IP Address** in the **IP Access List** section.
6. In the up-right corner of the **Networking** page, click **Connect** to get your connection string.
```

![Connect to the new TiDB node group via Public Endpoint](/media/tidb-cloud/tidb-node-group-connect-public-endpoint.png)

For more information, see [Connect to TiDB Cloud Dedicated via Public Connection](/tidb-cloud/connect-via-standard-connection.md).

### Connect via private endpoint

1. Navigate to the [**Clusters**](https://tidbcloud.com/console/clusters) page, and then click the name of your target cluster to go to its overview page.
2. In the upper-right corner, click **Connect**. A connection dialog is displayed.

> 3. Choose the new TiDB node group and **Private Endpoint** connection type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Select your TiDB node group from the **TiDB Node Group** list and **Private Endpoint** from the **Connection Type** list.
```

> 4. In the left navigation pane, click **Networking**. On the **Networking** page, select the TiDB node group.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. In the left navigation pane, click **Networking**, and then select your TiDB node group from the **TiDB Node Group** list in the upper-right corner.
```

5. Click **Create Private Endpoint Connection** to create a new connection for this node group. For more information, see [Connect to a TiDB Cloud Dedicated Cluster via Private Endpoint with AWS](/tidb-cloud/set-up-private-endpoint-connections.md).

    > **Note**:
    >
    > If you use Private Link to connect different node groups, you need to create separated private endpoint connection for each node group. 

> 6. After you create the private endpoint connection, click **Connect** on the up-right of the page to get the connection string. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. After creating the private endpoint connection, click **Connect** in the upper-right corner of the page to get the connection string.
```

### Connect via VPC peering

> Because the cluster is in one VPC and all the TiDB node groups share the same VPC, you only need to create one VPC peering, then all the groups can use it. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Because all TiDB node groups share the same VPC as the cluster, you only need to create one VPC peering connection to enable access for all groups.
```

1. Follow the instructions in [Connect to TiDB Cloud Dedicated via VPC Peering](/tidb-cloud/set-up-vpc-peering-connections.md) to create a VPC peering for this cluster. 
2. Navigate to the [**Clusters**](https://tidbcloud.com/console/clusters) page, and then click the name of your target cluster to go to its overview page.
3. In the left navigation pane, click **Networking**. 

> 4. On the **Networking** page, click **Connect** on the up-right to get the connection string. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. In the upper-right corner of the **Networking** page, click **Connect** to get the connection string.
```

## View TiDB node groups

To view the details of TiDB node groups, perform the following steps:

1. Navigate to the [**Clusters**](https://tidbcloud.com/console/clusters) page, and then click the name of your target cluster to go to its overview page.
2. In the left navigation pane, click **Nodes** to view the list of TiDB node groups.

> 
>     ![TiDB node group window view](/media/tidb-cloud/tidb-node-group-window-view.png)

Author: ```suggestion
```

    To switch to the table view, click <svg xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg" width="16" height="16" fill="none" viewBox="0 -4 24 24" stroke-width="1.5"><path d="M3 9.5H21M3 14.5H21M7.8 4.5H16.2C17.8802 4.5 18.7202 4.5 19.362 4.82698C19.9265 5.1146 20.3854 5.57354 20.673 6.13803C21 6.77976 21 6.61984 21 8.3V15.7C21 17.3802 21 17.2202 20.673 17.862C20.3854 18.4265 19.9265 18.8854 19.362 19.173C18.7202 19.5 17.8802 19.5 16.2 19.5H7.8C6.11984 19.5 5.27976 19.5 4.63803 19.173C4.07354 18.8854 3.6146 18.4265 3.32698 17.862C3 17.2202 3 17.3802 3 15.7V8.3C3 6.61984 3 6.77976 3.32698 6.13803C3.6146 5.57354 4.07354 5.1146 4.63803 4.82698C5.27976 4.5 6.11984 4.5 7.8 4.5Z" stroke="currentColor" stroke-width="inherit" stroke-linecap="round" stroke-linejoin="round"></path></svg>.

## Modify a TiDB node group

You can modify the group name and node configurations in the group.

### Change the group name

To change the group name, perform the following steps:

1. Navigate to the [**Clusters**](https://tidbcloud.com/console/clusters) page, and then click the name of your target cluster to go to its overview page.
2. In the left navigation pane, click **Nodes**.

> 3. Click <svg width="16" height="16" viewBox="0 -2 24 24" stroke-width="1.5" fill="none" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg"><path d="M12 20H21M3.00003 20H4.67457C5.16376 20 5.40835 20 5.63852 19.9447C5.84259 19.8957 6.03768 19.8149 6.21663 19.7053C6.41846 19.5816 6.59141 19.4086 6.93732 19.0627L19.5001 6.49998C20.3285 5.67156 20.3285 4.32841 19.5001 3.49998C18.6716 2.67156 17.3285 2.67156 16.5001 3.49998L3.93729 16.0627C3.59139 16.4086 3.41843 16.5816 3.29475 16.7834C3.18509 16.9624 3.10428 17.1574 3.05529 17.3615C3.00003 17.5917 3.00003 17.8363 3.00003 18.3255V20Z" stroke="currentColor" stroke-width="inherit" stroke-linecap="round" stroke-linejoin="round"/></svg> **Edit** and enter a new name for the TiDB node group.

Author: ```suggestion
3. Click <svg width="16" height="16" viewBox="0 -2 24 24" stroke-width="1.5" fill="none" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg"><path d="M12 20H21M3.00003 20H4.67457C5.16376 20 5.40835 20 5.63852 19.9447C5.84259 19.8957 6.03768 19.8149 6.21663 19.7053C6.41846 19.5816 6.59141 19.4086 6.93732 19.0627L19.5001 6.49998C20.3285 5.67156 20.3285 4.32841 19.5001 3.49998C18.6716 2.67156 17.3285 2.67156 16.5001 3.49998L3.93729 16.0627C3.59139 16.4086 3.41843 16.5816 3.29475 16.7834C3.18509 16.9624 3.10428 17.1574 3.05529 17.3615C3.00003 17.5917 3.00003 17.8363 3.00003 18.3255V20Z" stroke="currentColor" stroke-width="inherit" stroke-linecap="round" stroke-linejoin="round"/></svg> and enter a new name for the TiDB node group.
```

2. In the left navigation pane, click **Nodes**.
3. On the **Node Map** page, click **Modify** in the upper-right corner. The **Modify Cluster** page is displayed.
4. On the **Modify Cluster** page, you can:

    - Change the number of TiDB nodes.
    - Add new node groups.
    - Update the size and **Storage x Nodes** configuration for TiKV and TiFlash nodes.

![Change TiDB node group node count](/media/tidb-cloud/tidb-node-group-change-node-count.png)

## Delete a TiDB node group

> **Note**:
>
> When you delete a TiDB node group, its nodes and network configurations are also removed, including private endpoint connections and the IP list for public access.

To delete a TiDB node group, perform the following steps:

1. Navigate to the [**Clusters**](https://tidbcloud.com/console/clusters) page, and then click the name of your target cluster to go to its overview page.
2. In the left navigation pane, click **Nodes**.
3. On the **Node Map** page, click **Modify** in the upper-right corner. The **Modify Cluster** page is displayed.

> 4. On the **Modify Cluster** page, click <svg width="24" height="24" viewBox="0 0 24 24" stroke-width="1.5" fill="none" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg">
> <path d="M16 6V5.2C16 4.0799 16 3.51984 15.782 3.09202C15.5903 2.71569 15.2843 2.40973 14.908 2.21799C14.4802 2 13.9201 2 12.8 2H11.2C10.0799 2 9.51984 2 9.09202 2.21799C8.71569 2.40973 8.40973 2.71569 8.21799 3.09202C8 3.51984 8 4.0799 8 5.2V6M10 11.5V16.5M14 11.5V16.5M3 6H21M19 6V17.2C19 18.8802 19 19.7202 18.673 20.362C18.3854 20.9265 17.9265 21.3854 17.362 21.673C16.7202 22 15.8802 22 14.2 22H9.8C8.11984 22 7.27976 22 6.63803 21.673C6.07354 21.3854 5.6146 20.9265 5.32698 20.362C5 19.7202 5 18.8802 5 17.2V6" stroke="currentColor" stroke-width="inherit" stroke-linecap="round" stroke-linejoin="round"/>
> </svg>**Delete** to delete the TiDB node group.

Author: ```suggestion
4. On the **Modify Cluster** page, click <svg width="24" height="24" viewBox="0 0 24 24" stroke-width="1.5" fill="none" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg"><path d="M16 6V5.2C16 4.0799 16 3.51984 15.782 3.09202C15.5903 2.71569 15.2843 2.40973 14.908 2.21799C14.4802 2 13.9201 2 12.8 2H11.2C10.0799 2 9.51984 2 9.09202 2.21799C8.71569 2.40973 8.40973 2.71569 8.21799 3.09202C8 3.51984 8 4.0799 8 5.2V6M10 11.5V16.5M14 11.5V16.5M3 6H21M19 6V17.2C19 18.8802 19 19.7202 18.673 20.362C18.3854 20.9265 17.9265 21.3854 17.362 21.673C16.7202 22 15.8802 22 14.2 22H9.8C8.11984 22 7.27976 22 6.63803 21.673C6.07354 21.3854 5.6146 20.9265 5.32698 20.362C5 19.7202 5 18.8802 5 17.2V6" stroke="currentColor" stroke-width="inherit" stroke-linecap="round" stroke-linejoin="round"/></svg>**Delete** to delete the TiDB node group.
```
